okay we're going to work on a Maytag gas
range the problem we had here was that
one of the burners wasn't lighting up so
one of the main things that you got to
think about is these maytag's
were made specifically in a certain way
that you cannot lift again I say you
cannot lift the top without removing the
burner the burner turns up it goes and
what underneath that burner is this
screw you see that's clear and that my
friends will cost you lots of money so
what we need to do is we need to remove
one to two there three and number four
so you remove those and then the top
comes off and it saves you from having
to replace replace these here see what
what I did was I lifted it I broke off
the end and each of these cost about $50
so and I pretty much cost me $100 but
the reason I the reason I was removing
those was to diagnose the problem and to
be honest with you the problem could
have been solved as simple as a bathroom
key or a paperclip and right at the
bottom if you can go here camera guy
right over here at the bottom of the
your ignition there's a little hole and
in that hole that's where the gas comes
out of the natural gas or propane and it
lights it an example right here you will
see see that so the gas comes out of
here lights the rest of the burners so
what was happening was this wasn't
lighting it's because this was clogged
with food and other products so all you
got to do is just kind of clean it out
take a paper clip real fine paper clip
and just kind of getting it out this way
now
so now if you step back for a second you
will see it light see that there it goes
so all of this problem could have been
solved just with a paper clip or or
light and if you have to take it off
make sure you take the burner lift the
four screws lift the hand lift the top
and there you go replacing it that's it
that's what I got for a maytag gas range